# Technical Practice
**Glints Academy Practice**

## **General Overview**


-----
Create a simple app like inst*gram that can post and see photos that you can upload.

**BE**

1. Create an API to register user to our database(user id, email, username, password, timestamp, session id).
2. Create an API to login and logout user to log in the user and return it with autogenerated uuid, if log out we can set session id column to empty in our database.
3. Create an API to save image path to our DB with relation to user id.
4. Create an API to get all image list that have been uploaded by user.
5. Create unit testing for each method that you have created.

**FE & Mobile**

1. Create register page that can post data to API.
2. Create login page that can handle login API to authenticate user to use the app.
3. Create simple UI for home page to load all the image that has been posted by user. API will only return the path of the image
4. Create a button to post an image and will post the image path to API, and upload the image file to server.
5. Create unit testing for each method that you have created.

**Expectations**

1. Efficient methods to fulfill all the requirements.
2. Good use of Git (commit every changes that you think it is your checkpoint).
3. Document everything!


**Details**

1. Use any types of unit testing you are familiar with. (BE/FE/Mobile).
2. Use any public styling framework to work on the UI. (FE/Mobile).
3. Push your code to github classrooms using this repository that you've cloned.